c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\NancyWeb.dll.config
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\NancyWeb.dll
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\NancyWeb.pdb
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Nancy.dll
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.dll
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Nancy.xml
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.xml
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\obj\Debug\NancyWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\obj\Debug\NancyWeb.dll
c:\users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\obj\Debug\NancyWeb.pdb
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.dll
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.Unofficial.dll
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.xml
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.Unofficial.pdb
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Scripts\bootstrap.min.js
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\CsQuery.dll
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Nancy.Testing.dll
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\xunit.dll
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\CsQuery.xml
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\Nancy.Testing.xml
C:\Users\m.barilla\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NancyWeb\NancyWeb\bin\xunit.xml
